Iron Wolf Fitness ONE-TIME Daily Pass and Agreement

Gym Policies

1. Disclaimers.

Iron Wolf is not responsible for any loss or damage to personal belongings.

Applicant must be 18 or older to sign up. If under the age of 18, applicant must get waiver approved by parentar legal guardian and use
of their eredit and bank information.

an,

Release and Waiver of Liability and Code of Conduct Conformity
In consideration of being permitted to utilize the facilities, services, and programs of Iron Wolf Fitness Studio,

observation or use of facilities and equipment and participation in any program, |, on behalf of myself and an
personal representatives, hereby:

but not limited to,
vy children, dependents, or

1. Acknowledge that | have: (a) read this release and waiver of liability; {b) had the opportunity to inspect Iron Wolf Fitness Studio's
facilities and equipment or will immediately upon entering or participating and will inspect and carefully consider such premises,

facilities, or programs; (c) accept the facllities, equipment, and programs as being safe and reasonably suited for the purposes intended
and (d) voluntarily sign this release and waiver of liability. ’

- .
- 2. Release Iron Wolf Fitness Studio, it's directors, officers, employees, and volunteers (collectively "gym releases “) from alt liability to

me for any loss or damage to property or injury or death to person, whether caused by the ordinary negligence
any other person, and while I am in, upon or about any gym e
the Iran Wolf Fitness Studia.

of the gym's releases or
quipment therein or participating in any program or service affiliated with

3. Agree nat to sue Iron Wolf Fitness Studio Releases for any loss, liability, damage, injury,
indemnify and hold harmless the gym releases and each of them from any loss,
upon or about gym Facilities or equipment therein or fram my participation in a

Studio whether caused by the ordinary negligence of the gym's releases or by a
of such loss, liability, damage, injury, or death,

I'intend for this release and waiver of liability to be as broad and inclus

portion hereof is held invalid, | agree that the balance shall continue in full farce snd effect. | hereby state that | am joining this fitness
studio of my own volition and that | have not been solicited or pressur:

ed to join in any way whatsoever,
In addition, | have read the attached Code of Conduct conditions and | agree to be legally obligated to conform with all rules of the Iron
Walf fitness. Initial X

Applicant Signature; ) 4 Date: X
Applicant Printed Name: 4 Date: 4
Parents/Guardians Signature (if under 18): X

Date:
SET

Date;

¥* Pletse mate sure +o Send over prise of TH of gush
40 buSwess phone ke bodore Workout.

# You can ered slide cash I un dor oR ce door
ov we Con charge member'S card on Ale

*MEMBER'S NAME:
*[ CASH TICHARGE AccouNT

or death described shove and agree to
damage or cost they may incur due to my presence in,
ny program or service affiliated with fron Wolf Fitness
ny other person, | assume full respansibility for the risk

Ive as is permitted by the laws of the State of liinols, if any

